Case Study
" How would you convince an azure customer to expand their services"
​​​​​​​​​​​Before I could convince or expand first I would need to know more about the azure customer.
​
Q1 . ​​ Are they a New or Existing azure Customers​
NEW
​​​​​​​​​​​If they are new customers I need to know ​
​​​​​​​​​​have I ever interacted with them via email ,text or phone​
​​ have I shared any information with them before or​​​​
​​​​​​are they utilizing the free trial of my services
EXISTING​​​​
​​​​​​And if they are existing customers I need to know
​​Do I have historical data for reference
​​​For how long they have been azure customers​​​​
​​​​​​When was the last time they subscribed for the services​​​​
​​​​​​And when was the last time I spoke with them?

Q2. Do you Know your customer..
For this you need to know 
​​​​​​​​​​​ What are their desired outcomes or goals
​​​​​​​​​​Is it a short term goal or a long term goal
​​​​​​​​​​Are they a small medium or large Azure customer
​​​​​​​​​​What is their industry
​​​​​​​​​​Are they growing, stable or declining business
​​​​​​​​​​What is their primary reason for utilizing our service?
Trust me this data will help you in convincing components. 

Q3. How they are utilizing current cloud services 
This is a very critical question
You need to understand
 how is this assure customer utilizing all the different services azure provides
​​​​​​​​​​Are they fully supported by azure
​​​​​​​​​​Do they have a hybrid model?

ACTION
After questions it's time for taking an action to understand how I could convince customer to expand
​​​​​​​​​I would want to learn more about their documented goals and objectives
​​​​​​​​​To speak with any current or previous stakeholder to see how we have worked with them now and in past
​​​​​​​​​Next I would want to meet with them ideally face to face but if not via video to determine more about their objectives
​​​​​​​​​Also I will dig up more historical data, whether they have utilized a cloud provider before Azure, like AWS by Amazon and GCP by Google.
​​​​​​​​​Will also understand more about their budget, timeline ,resources ,risk, scope, scale ,and stakeholders.
​​​​​​​​​And ultimately work on a share vision

ASSUMPTION
​​​​​​​​​For the purpose of solving let us assume this is an existing customer that has been utilizing azuree for at least a year​
​​​​​​​And they are a large customer that needs to expand services now
​​​​​​​They also have good budget to do so
​​​​​​​​I am also going to assume they have the right counter parts from the business and technical side to make things happen

So now let's focus on higher level generic project management concepts and introduce a more relevant assure framework.

Keeping in mind the objective and historical data introduced the framework.
framework includes:
​​​​​​Computing and hosting
​​​​​​Storage
​​​​​​​Data base
​​​​​​​Networking
​​​​​​​Bigdata
​​​​​​​AI and ML
​ also explain about the framework on each topic specifically if needed and also mention how is your is budget friendly explaining that they have to pay only for what they use

Till now we have collected all the information all the data
 we have taken appropriate actions and also made the assumptions 
So now it's time to come up with the step by step solution
STEP 1:
Make sure from the beginning that all important stakeholders and decision makers are involved in Planning process

STEP 2:
I would convince them with data focusing not only on assure offerings but specifically how they are goals and objectives a line with those specific offerings

STEP 3:
Based of there interest short and long term goals I would provide data of how we had help their competitors achieve similar results
Focus on data that provide as much specific details as possible while protecting confidentiality
And share any relevant testimonials

STEP 4:
Create a shared vision and plan 
documenting:
Timeline, budgets resources, risks overall scope and scales milestones

STEP 5:
 Once we had agreed to next steps, instantly Trigger anything technically that did not require customisation and create a plan for any and all other technical integrations align a customer engineering and solution consultants to be point of contacts for their team set weekly meetings for the first quarter followed by weekly meetings to follow.

However You can spend more time talking about technicalities of Azure 

So,any case study includes:
​​​​Asking questions
​​​​taking action
​​​​​making assumptions
​​​​​and coming up with solutions.
​That was all about this case study
Thank you.

